README.md, before:

# python-getting-started

A barebones Python app, which can easily be deployed to Heroku.

This application supports the [Getting Started with Python on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python) article - check it out.

## Running Locally

Make sure you have Python [installed properly](http://install.python-guide.org).  Also, install the [Heroku Toolbelt](https://toolbelt.heroku.com/) and [Postgres](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgresql#local-setup).

```sh
$ git clone git@github.com:heroku/python-getting-started.git
$ cd python-getting-started
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
$ createdb python_getting_started
$ heroku local:run python manage.py migrate
$ python manage.py collectstatic
$ heroku local
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

## Deploying to Heroku

```sh
$ heroku create
$ git push heroku master
$ heroku run python manage.py migrate
$ heroku open
```
or

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Documentation

For more information about using Python on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [Python on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/python)

Commit message:

Add in instructions needed for using Webpack

README.md, after:

# django-webpack-heroku-example

A barebones Python app using Webpack and React, which can easily be deployed to Heroku.

This application supports the [Getting Started with Python on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-python) article - check it out.

## Running Locally

Make sure you have Node and NPM [installed property](https://nodejs.org)

Make sure you have Python [installed properly](http://install.python-guide.org).  Also, install the [Heroku Toolbelt](https://toolbelt.heroku.com/) and [Postgres](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-postgresql#local-setup).

```sh
$ npm install
$ npm run webpack
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
$ createdb python_getting_started
$ heroku local:run python manage.py migrate
$ python manage.py collectstatic
$ heroku local
```

Your app should now be running on [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000/).

## Add Buildpacks

```sh
$ heroku buildpacks:add --index 1 heroku/nodejs
$ heroku buildpacks:add --index 2 heroku/python
```


## Deploying to Heroku

```sh
$ heroku create
$ git push heroku master
$ heroku run python manage.py migrate
$ heroku open
```
or

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

## Documentation

For more information about using Python on Heroku, see these Dev Center articles:

- [Python on Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/python)
